so one of the advantages that Apple has
with the iPad is it has a ton of
companies that are making accessories
for its product but motor oil is giving
it a decent effort with the zoom and
what you have here is a Bluetooth
keyboard which includes not only a
full-size keyboard for typing and it's
easy to pair over Bluetooth we also have
quick access keys for things like home
you can go back into music you have the
browser and you can go into email you
know which makes a lot of sense because
that's where you'll be doing a lot of
your typing and the other thing as you
can see the zoom is actually docked in a
one of two dots that are available this
is a standard dock right here which only
includes power and audio out and we
think if you are going to buy a dock we
don't know the price yet you should get
the multimedia dock because not like
this is include hdmi out so any
everything that you see on the screen
right now is outputting to this large TV
but it also has a pretty powerful
speaker but before we do that let's just
jump into a video real quick to show you
what it looks like when its output
as you can see you know the Tegra 2
processor is fairly powerful it can
support 1080p video playback even when
help up to a large TV like this so you
know look it looks pretty good but how
is the sound when it's coming out of the
device itself so I'll wait to do is just
jump back into the music application
will take out the hdmi cable actually
let's go into the regular music app I
know what this is gonna be so right now
soft but let's pump up the volume as you
can see we just did that with a keyboard
which is kind of a nice touch and the
only only other accessory wanted to show
you real quick and going down the volume
on this it's that is this carrying case
which has a cutout for the camera which
makes a lot of sense we didn't find that
it was that easy to get the motorola
xoom into this and we also found that
was a little awkward to use when open
because there was really no place to put
the back flap so we'd like to see some
other options come to market but it's
better than nothing in terms of
protection